Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Well, as you know...
After all... we need a Harem!
A harem!
In the end, girls are the best!
Men are all filthy!
So saying that, today, we'll become friendlier with those who may join!
The Kizuna Ai Harem by...
Interviewing them...
Good, let's start!
First... tell me your name...
Hmm... okay, Nanna-chan
Nice, your appearance is a bit...
Like a holy person...
So then...
I need you to appeal yourself...
Can you say a few words for me?
"Until my life runs out... I shall keep praying for you!"
Ah, I see!
You will pray... for me!
Nice one... you...
Yeah, I guess you get...
78 points!
Okay now, can you tell me your name?
I see!
Persephone-chan, right?
You're a little...
Scary, but are you ill?
Oh, but...
The line...
Between your breasts...
That's looking good
So to appeal yourself to everyone...
Could you say a few words?
"I will... take you to the world of death"
That's not good
You'll take me...
To the world of death... that's not good...
But, wait...
If I give her a low score, I might be in trouble...
Yeah! You get a rating of...
88 points!
You're looking good! Good job!
Okay, can you tell me your name?
Mmm, I see, Cassandra
You're looking...
Pretty good
Well, first, the water theme?
It's pretty
Also you seem like a young girl
You have a lot of skin showing, but...!
It doesn't look erotic!
Nice...
Nice, you're my type!
So now...
As everyone has done...
I need you to say a few words
Okay! I'll leave it to you!
"What do you want me to prophesize?"
Oh, I see!
You will prophesize for me!
Nice!
You have a good skill...
Your looks are pretty too
The lonely feeling is... again...
Nice...
You get...
98 points!
Okay! You're good for now!
Can you tell me your name?
Succubus-chan!
You're definitely...
You're totally a little devil!
Well...
You see? Those wings that come from around her butt...
Those wings are nice
*They come from her back*
Also, her pose...
She's really... showing her breasts
So then...
Can I get some words, please?
"Hmm... today I think I'll choose you!"
Ah, you’re going to eat me?
Eh... Eh... Eh... Does she want to eat me?
*inhales*
Then... you get... hmm...
When you're targeting an audience this much...
That's good... the specific traits…
You're 93 points, I guess!
Well, tell us what’s your name too
Belphegor-chan! Nice
You're... let's see...
You seem like you have certain mental problems...
But, you’re...
Cute, though
She carries an aura around her and around what she’s holding, right?
But those eyes, she seems confident in herself...
Nice! I don't hate it, so then...
So let's get a line from you too
"I guess I have no choice, I'll play with you"
I see! So you're that type!
Good
Not bad
You get...
83 points!
Well then, let's hear your name too
Athena-chan! Good!
You seem like you have a fighting spirit...
Like the true strength you're hiding shows in your appearance
Let's hear what you have to say too...
"I am a goddess who brings victory"
I see! A goddess of victory!
Nice! Seems like she'll bring me victory
You're, let's see...
91 points!
And with that said…
*Believe in me*
My tentative wife...
Is Cassandra-chan!
Yay! Cute!
I said wife before...
But everyone is cute and I love them all
So let's call her best girl
The rest are all my concubines!
Oh, man…!
Nice, all are beautiful, nice, nice...
So!
I've decided who will be my temporary wife, so I want to go out together!
Although, it's just that going out in this world is a little dangerous
But it's okay!
I will protect my precious girl!
So, without delay, let's go!
"Let's begin!"
About how to do combat...
Until you put into operation the combat strategy
There exists this thing called "Cooldown Timer"
I think it goes like 5, 4, 3, 2...
But time stops...
You need MP to use skills
I think it shows MP here
This will be the number of MP
And then...
The longer the wait is for MP...
The more effective attacks you can launch
But that's not to say you can just use big moves...
You have to watch the timing of your opponent’s attacks and your allies' attacks….
If it's the same timing, when the timing that your enemies’ attack ends...
It’s better to use skills that activates faster than the enemies’
That means planning is an essential part of this game, right?
And this upper left mark that's like "whoosh"
Those are what makes physical attacks
*Physical Attacks*
And those that have a marking upwards...
*Buff*
Are those that have helpful spells
And those that have a cross mark can cure
*Cure*
*The next one! The next one!*
"Boss"!
Here I go!
Go for it!
My precious girls!
I want to cast a spell
Ah, but, can I do it?
Eh? But...
It’s hard...
The boss is definitely hard...
I’ll cast a spell...
That way, I’ll have a double enchantment, right?
Good!
Go for it!
It’s very hard, right?
Eeeh?
AH!
Aaah!
It’s unfair!
Just a bit more!
Ah!
Mmm?
It got mad...
It’s angry
Ah! Did he flee?
You cheater!
Here is where...
Ah, wait, wait, I don’t have enough MP
"Mana absorption"!
*Mana Absorption: Possible to steal Mana from your enemies*
By using the "Mana Absorption", I can steal a bit of MP from the enemy
Yaaaay!
Right?
This skill called "Valkyria Flames" is very powerful
I plan to use it...
Against the boss...
"One"!
Let’s go!
*Come here!*
Yes, how cute
Ah!
How hard...
Ah, I remember that I have "Musou"!
This mode "Musou", activates after using various skills
This is how "Musou" mode is activated...
By being in "Musou" mode...
You can recover a large amount of MP...
The waiting time is reduced by half...
As well as the cooldown for skills...
And that way, you can attack constantly, going "Bam, bam!"
I want to use my "Valkyria Flames" again!
Mmm...
Can I do it? Ah, wait!
Don’t attack them! I want to deal the final blow, alright?
Listen...
Let’s go!
Yaay! It was perfect! I’m a genius!
Well...
Since it’s me, this is a piece of cake, right?
Man, what do you think of my harem?
Man, nevertheless...
Expanding my harem with only my power is quite hard
Also, I’m not very efficient, right?
So then...
I was thinking of creating a guild in which only cute characters can enter
For now, in this world...
There is a lot of adorable girls, so then...
I plan on gathering all of them with avarice
Good, having said that...
I will say goodbye...
With my wife Cassandra-chan
Well, even though all of them are like my wives...
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Yes, how cute!
Bye!
*What do you want me to prophesize?*
Translated by Mitsukitten, StargazerOntan, Zerch, Lacrymac, and Vortex